[' This problem has nothing to do with Python actually. This is a common networking problem.  If you have control scripts running in the internet to control the lights say, at home, you need to open/redirect the TCP 80 port requests made from the VPS to your home IP, in your home router configuration, to the IP of your home "bridge", as I see from  module that it has an HTTP Rest API.  Then I hope the system (that I haven\'t used or really know of) to have some kind of authentication, or everyone else can also control it if they access to your home router IP (and they will do it). If you authenticate by using a secret key to both sides, you\'ll also need to encrypt the communication or the keys could be read and stolen. This requires for example using HTTPS and changing the 80 port to the 443 port, and also setting up a HTTPS server with (at least) a self-signed certificate.  There are probably other possible setups, but this should give you enough information for you to research more about the subject.  You may also find it reasonable to work the other way round. Setup a normal control app in the home network and make it connect to your VPS to periodically read a configuration or write status, and then apply it locally. '] 
[' If the wireless network is part of the wired network you should have any problem reaching the photocopier.  If you don\'t know the IP address, you can reach it by host name if the DHCP and DNS are working properly. If you are on an Active Directory infrastructure and DHCP and DNS are integrated it should be transparent.   If you are on your home with a "home" router they usually do the hostname to IP resolve (DNS).  You can  to test that you can reach the desired host. Some hosts block ping (ICMP) requests, please note that ping is ping does not respond is not a definitive solution.  Please note that in your home router you should use your router or default gateway to be the DNS also, and then add the google public DNS or your ISP.  Also when connecting the access point to an existing network you may have 2 DHCP servers providing IP addresses to hosts, you should disable DHCP on the Access Point and connect the AP to the network using the switch port and not the WAN port (the WAN port will try to do NAT and assign a different set of IP addresses). '] 
[' Here are two problems:   SSH session hangs up and not easy to close it.    Cause:  Normal keys are forwarded over the ssh sessions so they have no effect now.   Solution:  We can use the escape key sequence( can be adjusted according to your router.  Hope this can help others.  Does anyone have any other suggestions? Correct me if my understanding is wrong. '] 
[' I found that I should add another home router and changed from the empty string   and change base to   and remove the history from router as  Yanis  said. '] 
[" I used the port forwarding of my home router to reach my local pc.On the TCP client I introduced the router IP and a specific port.On the router I use port forwarding to pass the information coming from app port to PC local IP.But, if i am outside with a laptop, can I connect the laptop with Wifi to a mobile phone's internet and connect to it? My pc get his own external IP or I need a nat on the phone?? "] 
[' (From what you say I assume that it does not work only if you are connecting to remote network.)  Because you have problem with connecting, it seems like problem is caused by network. From programming point of view, it shouldn\'t matter if you connect to IP on your local network or not.  Check for these possible issues:   Server is behind  NAT : Typical consumer router performs network address translation between public and private addresses. It\'s useful when your ISP provides you with single IP, but you want to use multiple devices. When typical home router sees packet from local computer to somewhere in internet, it changes it\'s  source IP  to IP provided by your ISP, changes  source port  if necessary, and remembers this connection. Router can later use this remembered information to translate everything back when reply arrives. In this case, you can create connections only from inside of local network. If you want to receive connection from internet, you\'ll have to explicitly set which computer on local network should receive this connection. Search for "port forwarding" or "virtual servers" or something similar in routers settings. Some protocols (like FTP) have  problems  with NATs, your router will need to support these application protocols.  There is firewall somewhere on network, or OS on server side doesn\'t allow using low port numbers (this is less likely. You would probably get some error on server side).  '] 
[' There are too many layers of indirection involved here and you’ll have to inject the physical host’s IP address into the container as an environment variable or ConfigMap setting.  An ExternalName type Service could also work here.  The essential problem here is that each layer can find out about the layer immediately beyond it, but no further.  You have a host running a VM running a Kubernetes Pod.  The Pod can use the  downward API  to find its Node’s IP address, but in your case that will be the VM and not the host around it.  (As a parallel question: you have an ordinary home router that’s 192.168.1.1, and your local system is 192.168.1.2.  You’re running some server on the router.  Meanwhile, you have a VM running on your local system, which sees the host as 172.17.0.1 and believes it is 172.17.0.2.  How does the VM reach the service on the router, if it doesn’t know about the 192.168.1.0/24 network in its local network environment?) '] 
[' Being a part of a VPN doesn\'t expose you to the world. In other words, once you are connected to it, it will not forward traffic from WWW to your machine on any port. It is just like replacing your home router with a much bigger one that you don\'t have the authority to define . The "worst" case scenario is that other machines in the same VPN will be able to reach you but that isn\'t usually the setup in public VPNs.    A solution you could use is SSH remote forwarding. You can read about it  here  (expect vertigo) but the gist is you connect to a cloud server you own with SSH and tell it to use the same SSH connection to forward connections coming to it to you (i.e. WWW -> cloud_machine:port -> your_machine:port). Because you own this cloud machine, you control its security and can open up listening ports to the world.  Then again, if you\'re willing to go this far, might as well deploy your app on that machine! '] 
['   '] 
[' Please consider using of  MetalLB  (a load-balancer implementation for bare metal Kubernetes clusters) together with the NGINX Ingress controller.  It would require to setup port forwarding in your home router on ports (80/443) to one of your worker nodes.  Here is how this setup would look like in your case:      '] 
[' My stab at it.  Here are three metaphors:  Event programming seems to be similar to how hardware buses work: a bus is used for peripherals to talk to one another.  Similarly, a cell tower is the message bus by which cellphones talk to one another.  Also consider the good old Star Network topology model ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_network ).  Heck, look at how a home router connects computers and IoT devices to a home network.  Instead of peripherals or cellphones or devices, we code objects.  Instead of sending packets along a transmission protocol, we send events or messages to a message broker (a message queue, for instance, or Kafka).  The event is available to be acted upon by whomever is interested in it, or in the case of a workflow, the event is expected to be worked by someone in particular and the sender will expect to find a resulting event with a response appropriate to the outcome.   ASIDE: Lessons Learned   Potentially, we therefore also have solutions about problems that hardware manufacturers and telecom engineers have already encountered and solved regarding event-driven messaging. '] 
[' I would say that in order to do this you need to POST to a server with a static IP address whereas your ip address in the example looks like an ip produced by a home router aka a dynamic ip.  The first line in the Netsuite help for the http module states that it can be used in client and server scripts. I have successfully sent a POST request via the http module to a http server and got a success response back. I did not have to use https.  You can test this by changing the url to , they provide a service that just sends whatever you post back to you. ']