[57871703  'I\'ve developed a decent amount of multiplayer games lately in java (board/turn based games running on a tcp connection with data in/out streams) but they only work locally, I want to go a step further and make them run online, what do I need to change to make it work?  It seems like there are many ways to accomplish that yet i don\'t know where to start, as I don\'t know much about networking.  Besides that I don\'t have a real server, I\'m only using my home router and my pc.  So here is what I\'ve tried so far:   I enabled port forwarding in my router and I think it works (I used a port forwarding checking tool online) I created a dynamic DNS for my public ip using noip.com   So the server side should be fine at least, my problem is with the client side, the client\'s socket won\'t connect to my public ip, when I searched for a solution I concluded that the client shouldn\'t be in the same LAN where the server is, so I used a mobile hotspot as a second network and tried again, but got the same results. (connection refused exception) is it because of the mobile hotspot (should I use another router) ? or is it just some coding tweaks ?  This is a minimal server class example    The method that i\'ve tried always gives me a connection refused exception, so any solution would be appreciated.'  'I found a software solution to the problem through virtual lan (using LogMeIn Hamachi) which is basicly used for creating game servers, you just need to create an account and a network so your friends can join it, after that everything should be fine and runs as if it\'s locally hosted.  You can download the software through here but there are many alternatives to choose from, that one gives you up to 5 people on the network for free, it\'s not the best, but still a free solution.  I still want more of a java solution to this problem that doesn\'t require a third-party software.'  "do you have a firewall on your computer? Can you ping your server? Beeing in the same lan isn't a problem but then you can't test your port forwarding on your router (because you won't use it in the same lan)"] [57871703  'I\'ve developed a decent amount of multiplayer games lately in java (board/turn based games running on a tcp connection with data in/out streams) but they only work locally, I want to go a step further and make them run online, what do I need to change to make it work?  It seems like there are many ways to accomplish that yet i don\'t know where to start, as I don\'t know much about networking.  Besides that I don\'t have a real server, I\'m only using my home router and my pc.  So here is what I\'ve tried so far:   I enabled port forwarding in my router and I think it works (I used a port forwarding checking tool online) I created a dynamic DNS for my public ip using noip.com   So the server side should be fine at least, my problem is with the client side, the client\'s socket won\'t connect to my public ip, when I searched for a solution I concluded that the client shouldn\'t be in the same LAN where the server is, so I used a mobile hotspot as a second network and tried again, but got the same results. (connection refused exception) is it because of the mobile hotspot (should I use another router) ? or is it just some coding tweaks ?  This is a minimal server class example    The method that i\'ve tried always gives me a connection refused exception, so any solution would be appreciated.'  'I found a software solution to the problem through virtual lan (using LogMeIn Hamachi) which is basicly used for creating game servers, you just need to create an account and a network so your friends can join it, after that everything should be fine and runs as if it\'s locally hosted.  You can download the software through here but there are many alternatives to choose from, that one gives you up to 5 people on the network for free, it\'s not the best, but still a free solution.  I still want more of a java solution to this problem that doesn\'t require a third-party software.'  "yes i have a firewall, it didn't work even when it's disabled, by pinging the server you mean my public ip ? if yes then it works, i've tested my port forwarding over a website on a different network and it works"] [55584878  'EDIT: I tested with a static IP on both the board and my computer with a python SSL server and it works as expected, leading me to believe that the DHCP is the problem. If anyone has a lead on what may be occuring it would be greatly appreciated.  I am using the mbedTLS library on a STM32F746-NUCLEO board and I want to use it as both a SSL client and server. The server works well, so i tried to use the client example code (as is, in a separate project).   The following . I can also confirm that the network interface has been assigned an IP address when the error occurs. I expect the connection call to return 0 and connect to the server to initiate the SSL handshake.'  'You need to set the default netif route for LWIP to be able to route the remote address. Simply add .    The documentation for MbedTLS can be kinda tricky, hope this helps.'  'Hard to tell without the whole code. Maybe you try to connect before the board gets a DHCP IP?'] [55584878  'EDIT: I tested with a static IP on both the board and my computer with a python SSL server and it works as expected, leading me to believe that the DHCP is the problem. If anyone has a lead on what may be occuring it would be greatly appreciated.  I am using the mbedTLS library on a STM32F746-NUCLEO board and I want to use it as both a SSL client and server. The server works well, so i tried to use the client example code (as is, in a separate project).   The following . I can also confirm that the network interface has been assigned an IP address when the error occurs. I expect the connection call to return 0 and connect to the server to initiate the SSL handshake.'  'You need to set the default netif route for LWIP to be able to route the remote address. Simply add .    The documentation for MbedTLS can be kinda tricky, hope this helps.'  "the code is the client example from mbedtls, i'll edit my post to include the relevant parts"] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'Looks like a bug, Chrome Bug  Try to use FireFox'  'Can you post a screenshot of the alert?'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'I think this is authentication popup. I saw your screenshot now its authentication popup. please use below code and I hope this work for you.  try this :-    For more information read this and this also, Selenium Python Authenticating browser login pupup dialog at a HTTPS website'  'Can you post a screenshot of the alert?'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'Looks like a bug, Chrome Bug  Try to use FireFox'  'did you try to send `tab` to jump to another field in window.'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'I think this is authentication popup. I saw your screenshot now its authentication popup. please use below code and I hope this work for you.  try this :-    For more information read this and this also, Selenium Python Authenticating browser login pupup dialog at a HTTPS website'  'did you try to send `tab` to jump to another field in window.'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'Looks like a bug, Chrome Bug  Try to use FireFox'  '@iAmTryingOK here is the [screenshot](https://snag.gy/MxTCt8.jpg)'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'I think this is authentication popup. I saw your screenshot now its authentication popup. please use below code and I hope this work for you.  try this :-    For more information read this and this also, Selenium Python Authenticating browser login pupup dialog at a HTTPS website'  '@iAmTryingOK here is the [screenshot](https://snag.gy/MxTCt8.jpg)'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'Looks like a bug, Chrome Bug  Try to use FireFox'  '@furas i will try it'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'I think this is authentication popup. I saw your screenshot now its authentication popup. please use below code and I hope this work for you.  try this :-    For more information read this and this also, Selenium Python Authenticating browser login pupup dialog at a HTTPS website'  '@furas i will try it'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'Looks like a bug, Chrome Bug  Try to use FireFox'  'always put screenshot and all other important information in question, not in comment.'] [56126524  'I\'m trying to automate my login process to my home router and I want to enter the username and the password into an alert message, unfortunately, I can\'t do it  after doing some research I found that I can accept the alert using  '  'I think this is authentication popup. I saw your screenshot now its authentication popup. please use below code and I hope this work for you.  try this :-    For more information read this and this also, Selenium Python Authenticating browser login pupup dialog at a HTTPS website'  'always put screenshot and all other important information in question, not in comment.'] 